hello this is my first video actually in
a while I am presenting my new redstone
world here my new redstone product or
what and then shouldn't everyone call it
my first of all start about the keyboard
noise I am using a mechanical keyboard
they are cliquey anyways this is my new
world a very sparse very nice though
look at that very pretty
this design is for use only if you give
credit to me obviously just give me a
sign of some man your server so first of
all what I'm gonna do is show you guys
the demonstration of all right so this
is all right so this is um my redstone 9
button fault hooray
that takes a four digit input or four
digit PIN it's like one two four four
four four four
except etc and turns it into a unique
vault open situation so so I'm gonna
reset the lock alright so man first path
code one walk over to the first of all
which is one through here and that's
basically that like that's um it'll only
open this vault it will not open any of
the vaults unless you set it that way
any hit reset walk to close the button
or close the door and do that so just to
show you guys that it doesn't just open
one thing and it's not a bunch of blue I
will go ahead and do the second one
which is four three two and one
it's creamer here and only that one
opens now and you have tests and so
baseless tear system is um you have one
you have a lower tier and a higher tier
you can do whatever you want on the
server on your server this is the layout
knows how this is the extent of the
entire system these are all a user
passcode sections that's one user this
is two years or three user and the
inputs come over go to your doors so you
can select however much you want it's
perfect for a corner of room etc it's
pretty easy to use system right here
this is all included in the world
download I will upload schematics to the
world file of these things just so you
guys have put them in a lot easier the
world the world format for this will
just conclude this part this is this is
for adding more users so basically go on
a world at it from this diamond back all
up there to that diamond and I'll
explain in another video or individually
people how to set up pass codes
basically there's a book called the
admin manual and the values are buck
which I have I've written that tells you
how to set up everything and the vault
user book is basically for people who
buy a vault or use a vault in your
server you can copy a book and give it
to them so they know how to use the
system and etc that's pretty much it for
the presentation thanks for watching I
will do a more in-depth explanation of
this system and just with how to use it
for server admins and I will be
including a download link on this
YouTube video contact me if you need
help setting up etc um my minecraft our
username is demonic pastry and my
YouTube one you're obviously watching
right now so I hope you enjoy this video
and have a good day